This assignment was a great way of getting me back into the flow HTML and Javascript programming. 
At Humber College while completing my 3 year advanced diploma in Computer Engineering. 
We took a course in Unix Development and the Internet. The professor made all of the assignments based on web programming that was locally hosted but some assignments were done over SSH. 
There was a bit of a gap since the last time I did some web development and given that I ran into some familiar problems which reminded me that I was a bit rusty when it came to hands on coding Javascript and HTML programming.
After referencing and reviewing the lecture recordings and notes I got back into the flow of things. In my 4th commit or commit 0ea38a3, I ran into an error where I was trying to implement the Google Maps API.
I was having trouble enabling the API and having the interative map show properly on my locally hosted page. I checked my Google account, and it said a prepayment was needed so I went through the prepayment process.
After completeing it I was still getting an error and it appears to be a bug on their side or my credit card. Whenever I submitted the billing information (which is just used to verify and for security purposes as stated in the lecture slides)
I was still getting the popup and it was acting as if I didn't enter any billing information. I tried using another Google account as well but I was still receiving the error. 
So I decided to use OpenStreetMap with leaflet instead, this map was much easier to implement as its open source and no API keys are needed. I finished setting that up and now it is working flawlessly.
In my 12th (3d3e4bc) and 13th (50dd185), I was running into an issue where the image previews and landmark images in my llst were showing up as too large. 
I added proper ratios/limitations to my style.css to the objects and I was able to fix but it was an issue and could've gone easily unnoticed as on my computer it seems just a bit large (the pictures).
On my resubmission, I followed the feedback given that my markers weren't working as intended. This was due to my addLanmarkToMap function having the marker.bindPop() bound only once it was clicked. 
Instead I fixed my function so that the popup is created when the marker is created. This provides more consistent popups without the popup not showing once other ones are created.
Overall, this assignment was very informative and I had a great time rediscovering my passion for web development. I am looking forward to the rest of the course.